During the political crisis in Ivory Coast, Dallied Kien became a refugee in Lome (Togo), where he truly met the Holy Spirit and Jesus Christ, through his daily meditation on God's Word. When a terminal disease attacked him, he pulled through the challenge without drugs but, instead, with the Word of God and the power of the Holy Spirit--and he wants you to learn how to do the same. Dallied Kien is also the author of both the French and English versions of: The Ethics-Based Approach; or Keys of Human Fulfillment.

Right after graduating from Ecole Supérieure Interafricaine d'Electricité in 1985, Dallied Kien was employed by EECI (Energie Electrique de Côte d'Ivoire) to be the Head of Technical Division of the Regional Office of Distribution of Yamoussoukro. In 1988, he will be appointed Head of the Central District of Gagnoa, then from 1992 to 1999, successively Southwest Regional Director (Gagnoa), South - Centre (Yamoussoukro) and Yopougon (Abidjan) of CIE (Company Ivoirienne d'Electricité). In December 1998, he won the Marcel Zadi Kessy Award of Excellence for my invention of a transformer protection system HV / LV against lightning, an invention that was put into practice at the South - Centre Regional Head office . In December 1999, he was appointed Director of Commercial Operations of the Distribution Head office of CIE. In 2001, Dallied Kien was the first Ivorian promoted to the position of Main Director of Electricity Distribution in Ivory Coast in charge of the twelve regional offices, the Technical Department and Commercial Operations.
On 19th September 2002, violent clashes took place in several cities in Côte d'Ivoire including Abidjan and Bouaké between the regular armed forces and other armed forces later called MPCI . As Chair of the CIE crisis committee, he was in this capacity member of the crisis committee of the Prime Minister.
In November 2003, Dallied Kien was selected by the Bouygues Group for a one-year training at HEC-Paris, entitled 'Diriger Demain' ("Leading Tommorrow").
In 2006, Dallied Kien left CIE and went to IESE Barcelona for a training program for case studies teachers where he got the "Certificate International Faculty Program". On his return, he was appointed Director of Research at the Institut des Hautes Etudes Afrique. He will be part of twenty researchers from all continents, including two Africans from IRCO (International Research Center on Organization) from IESE Barcelona Business to address the theme "Why do managers engage in trustworthy behavior? The roles of ocb ( citezenship organization behavior), trust in subordinates, and collectivism" that they presented to the Academy of Management in Chicago in August 2009. From December 2006 to June 2011 he became the Technical Advisor to the President of the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire in Charge Energy. Keeping faith in God always pays.
Today, Dallied kien is the author of many books including "Faith According to Jesus Christ", "Wisdom Principles"  and "The Ethics-Based Approach; or Keys of Human Fulfillment".
